Feature/core 1059 update documentation for identity based profiles (#103)
evannetwork/api-blockchain-core: docs/blockchain/votings.rst

----------

#. ``contract`` - ``string|any``: web3 voting contract instance or contract address
#. ``executingAddress`` - ``string``: identity or account that performs the action (usually the voting owner)

> #. ``invitee`` - ``string``: address to add to votings contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. ``invitee`` - ``string``: identity or account to add to votings contract
```
